[Music]
what's up internet to my state here you
want stuff with technology Fitness life
advice and anything else you can
possibly think of please make sure to
like this video helps me out a lot
what are cuts in bulk in the fitness
world people on the absorption that if
you're fat and you workout and lose
weight you are going to build muscle
while you lose that weight that is one
of the biggest most popular myths in the
fitness world sure some people are lucky
and are able to gain a little bit of
muscle why they lose weight but that's
like one in a million a cut and a book
are two specific simple things if you
want to lose weight then you gotta go on
a cut and essentially what a cut is is
you pretty much eating less than your
maintenance calories that means eating
200 to 500 less than what you're
supposed to eat in order to maintain the
same way you have now now this varies
for everybody but it's usually about two
hundred five hundred under your
maintenance now can you gain muscle
while eating less than your maintenance
if you're new to bodybuilding you might
gain a little bit but after a week or so
you're not gonna gain anything it's
virtually impossible to gain muscle
without eating a surplus of calories get
it in your head unless you're Hercules
you're not gonna gain muscle when you're
in a calorie deficit like I said before
it's always that one exception that
one-in-a-million guy that's able to do
it but chances are you can't and neither
can I now a book it's the complete
opposite in a book you want to gain
muscle mass and in order to do this you
need to eat above your maintenance 500
calories is fine above maintenance which
is usually 3,000 calories for a you know
a 20 to 30 year old male now the thing
about bulk is that almost always you
have a 99% chance that you are going to
gain also a little bit of fat but the
trick is eating just slightly above your
maintenance that way the fat gains will
be easily cut off when you go on your
next cut you need to eat above your
maintenance in order to gain muscle so
your muscles are gonna need a hell of a
lot of food in order to grow so if
you're wondering how bodybuilders are so
lean what they do is they bulk up they
gain a little bit of fat but then
afterwards they go on a cut and
all the fat and it looks completely
shredded if you guys have any questions
feel free to ask it in the comment down
below please make sure to like this
video it helps me out a lot
this is to muster a measure describe
comment and rate to my say is